The plotline for this game will be a setup across different realities or worlds in a 3d setting where the player was originally supposed to be gearing up to fight the demonkind by attaining all the elemental orbs to increase his elemental abilities. The main character is a farmer boy that has been trained in the elemental arts and is capable of using multiple weapons with his main being a sword. His basic ability will water. He has a farm with a lot of chickens that he raises. 

However, there is one chicken out of all of them that is different from all the others. This chicken is an odd vibrant ruby red and charcoal black and is usually ignored by all the other chickens. This chicken used to do dumb things to get the player's attention and to get the others chickens attention because it just wanted to be included. However, Everyone thought something was wrong with the chicken that they named him "Stupid" and continued to ignore him. 

The chicken hated being ignored and ostracized he felt he needed to do something. So he decided to sabotage the player's journey before it began. So at the start of the game, the chicken snuck into the dojo of the player and waited till it was time for the player to get the legendary Water orb to increase his ability and teach him new water attacks to use against the first enemy on the outskirts of the town. The Demon Captain BurnSizorek. 

As the boy dawned his gear and was about the receive the or on the pedestal in the middle of the room from his Grandfather. The chicken jumped out and pecked everyone viciously. Then stopped squeaked aloud and then swallowed the water orb and took off down the road to the Demon Captrons camp. The Player gives chase.



Skip Ahead to the boss camp.....


The player arrives and instead of engaging with the current boss(MidBoss) He is looking around the place and chasing a chicken. The boss gets annoyed and started attacking the player which both the chicken and the player dodge his attacks for a while till the next phase where the boss realizes that the player has more interest in the chicken than him and steps between them and comes at the player. Forcing the player to fight him and defeat him. 

The boss then tries to give the player the fire orb but the player again ignores him and looks for the chicken. The boss again annoyed asks the player why he is so invested in that dumb chicken. The player then tells BurnSizorek that the chicken stole his water upgrade and he needs to get it back. BurnSizorek was surprised the player beat him at a disadvantage but then found it hard to believe that the chicken would be hard to catch. 

Just then as the player had stopped to tell BurnSizorek the issue; the chicken squawked again in the middle of the room with an evil grin. The using the water pillar ability it learned from the water orb gets ahold of the fire orb and swallows it and runs to the end of the current level. With the Player giving chase. BurnSizorek was so shocked that this happened that he followed the player. 


Skip Ahead to the end of the current level...


The player and BurnSizorek reach the giant pond at the end of the path leading into the mountains. There they saw the chicken hovering over the lake laughing. Then chicken squawked twice and a gorgeous white duck came out of nowhere and flew onto the lake. Then the chicken threw up the blue orb and phazed it into the duck. The duck then became ruby red and charcoal black with red eyes. Then the duck became 3 times the size of the player and BurnSizorek. The first Major boss fight has started.


